welcome back guys the explanation pro is
here today i'll explain the thriller
drama film titled good doctor spoiler is
incoming the film opens with a doctor
waking up his fellow doctor dr martin
after brief talk about how the doctor is
able to wake up early dr morton proceeds
to his patient the patient speaks
spanish so he must find other means to
communicate with him such as acting the
words in the next scene the doctors have
a meeting about a patient's possible
disease dr whalen tells dr martin that
the patient is already divorced and dr
morton responds that he does not know
about this soon after dr martin
approaches dr williams in the hospital
hall to ask how to apply to the
infectious disease fellowship dr
williamson tells him that it is too
early for dr martin to apply but he can
eventually apply if he is a good doctor
dr weylands adds that to be a good
doctor one must act like one after being
asked by a nurse theresa if what he had
written is penicillin dr martin heads
down to a room to draw blood from one of
the patients deon however he looks
amateurish in doing this that even the
mother of the patient notices in the
next scene dr morton goes home to find a
package he sees a note from his mother
about how proud she is of what he is
doing after taking out the frame with
diplomas inside morton writes a letter
thanking his mother that night martin
heads to a party there a woman mistakes
him for someone else and that someone
else is martin's fellow doctor while
they are talking martin looks as if he
feels some kind of contempt the scene
quickly jumps to martin back in the
house the house is noticeably minimal
with only a few objects present such as
the chair and table against a white
backdrop another noticeable thing is
that he is all alone in that minimal
space in the following scene dr martin
enters dion's room to check on her diane
asks what kind of disease she has and
when doctor martin tells her the disease
is complicated name diande miswrites it
in her journal after briefly interacting
with her diane's family enters the room
including her boyfriend after that dr
morton leaves the room but he is
confronted by teresa who asks him again
if he had written penicillin after
telling her yes the nurse then takes him
back to his earlier patient who now has
red bloods around his body it turns out
that the patient is actually allergic to
penicillin which means that theresa must
file an incident report as a procedure
afterwards during the break dr morton
approaches dr whalen's again asking him
if the incident report can affect his
application to the infectious disease
fellowship dr williams then replies that
he cannot undo it the following day dr
martin checks on diana again who is
fighting with her boyfriend over the
phone after dropping the call diane asks
dr martin if she should break up with
her boyfriend and dr morton replies that
she should they then seem to flirt
around something which teresa awkwardly
sees after teresa tells him that she
cannot follow orders if dr martin is not
writing properly dr morton is noticeably
embarrassed and leaves they on in the
elevator another nurse notices that
something is bugging dr morton after dr
martin cryptically tells him that nurse
should follow doctors he asks the nurse
how long teresa has been in the hospital
the nurse jokingly replies that what dr
martin should do is to put something in
teresa's drink that will cause her heart
attack but the nurse recants what he
said after he notices that the doctor
might have considered it that night dr
morton returns to deon's room to find
that her boyfriend gave her an apology
gift leon wakes up to see the doctor
beside the bed she then unknowingly
reinforces dr martin's belief about how
nurses should follow doctors afterwards
she asks dr martin if she is cured and
that she will tell the nurse that dr
martin is a good doctor the scene then
jumps to the following day dr weylands
clears diane because she is now cured
but dr martin insists for one more day
to be sure however his request is denied
because of this dr martin heads dion's
room but he finds it empty just then
dejan's father enters the scene telling
dr martin that he is inviting him for a
friday night dinner at their house
because deon likes him for being a good
doctor dr martin accepts the invitation
in the next scene martin prepares for
dinner by dressing up in suits and
practicing his greeting in the mirror
that night holding a bottle of wine
morton enters the nixon household only
to find that deon is not there leian's
mother explains that while she has
insisted on her daughter staying dianne
is talking with her boyfriend instead
martin is noticeably disappointed with
this information at the dinner table
morton sees the nixon siblings arguing
after this martin requests to go to the
bathroom he looks at the mirror as if to
say that he hates his situation he also
sees leon's medicine in the medicine
cabinet after getting out of the
bathroom he sees deon's room and enters
it without any second thoughts after
checking one of her pictures martin
leaves the house immediately excusing
himself from the family by claiming that
something came up in the hospital after
getting home it is shown that martin
actually took deon's pictures off the
frame placing the picture in the frame
of his family picture instead at this
point we can see that martin is somehow
developing an obsession with deon as
even while lying down in bed he looks at
her picture in the next scene after the
convening of the usual doctor's meeting
dr martin is stopped by dr williams
asking him if something is up he then
asks dr martin why he wanted to be a
doctor in the first place and dr martin
answers that he wants to be respected
and then help people dr martin then goes
to spill his narcissistic view of things
saying that theresa has been treating
him like he's a nobody in the next scene
dr morton receives a call from theon's
sister telling him that they are
supposed to give him a gift basket but
forgot that night morton goes to the
nixon household telling dion's mother
that he is in a hurry so that he is only
there to receive the gift basket he then
asks again to use the bathroom inside
the bathroom martin insiduously changes
the content of the yawn's pills
replacing it with sugar instead he then
leaves with the gift basket in the next
scene leon is back in the hospital after
telling the mother and daughter that he
will run some tests dr martin leaves the
room however he witnesses a group of
doctors and nurses rushing to one of his
patients room he then checks if
something is wrong after spotting
something wrong he directly heads to dr
williams to tell him that this patient's
disease is not his fault with the
penicillin mishap from the previous days
accusing theresa instead for
administering a different medicine that
night dr martin heads to dion's room
after briefly talking to her dr morton
goes to grab a different medicine bag
sneakily while deon is sleeping dr
morton switches the bags liquid content
while hurriedly going away dr morton
crashes to a nurse the nurse then tells
him that she is actually the reason for
the earlier faulty administering of the
medicine after this revelation which
seems insignificant to dr martin he
heads to the bathroom to throw away the
syringe he used earlier the following
day dr martin checks up on dion but of
course he already knows her condition he
tells deon that she has to stay for a
few more days after informing her dr
martin sinister really goes to where the
bags are stored to repeat what he did
yesterday however he hears and sees a
nurse and a patient fooling around there
interrupting his plan after getting the
two to leave he continues getting the
bags inside deon's room dr martin almost
got caught by theresa but fortunately
for him and unfortunately for dion
teresa lets him pass dr martin then
heads to the laboratory to sabotage the
un's resistant result which will make
her stay at the hospital for a long time
the following day after the doctors have
their usual meeting dr martin tells
diane that her condition worsens diane
fully trusting him asks if he will
operate on her if it ever comes to that
point but dr martin tells her that he
does not operate afterwards dr martin
notices dion's boyfriend outside the
room carrying a heart-shaped balloon he
immediately tells leon's boyfriend that
leon cannot take any visitors as of the
moment the yon's boyfriend then gives dr
martin the balloon asking him to give it
to dion after he leaves dr martin
proceeds to another room while popping
and throwing away the balloon
in the next scene deion is writing her
journal despite her worsening condition
prompting dr martin to tell her to rest
leontine confesses that she had
intercourse with her boyfriend the night
before her return to the hospital which
must be why she got sick but of course
this is not true leon then asks the
doctor if she will die but dr martin
reassures her that she will not die the
following day the doctors are astonished
by how complex dion's condition is one
of the veteran doctors tells dr martin
to get his file about the treatment he
had left in his car after getting in the
car dr martin decides to stay there for
a while when he returned they then
conducted an operation on day on
after the operation deion wakes up with
dr martin looking closely at her face
leon asks him if he has any girlfriend
her wife and dr martin tells her that he
does not have one she then confesses
that she always thought dr martin liked
her sister and after dr martin tells her
no she falls asleep dr morton seeing
this opportunity kisses the unconscious
neon dr morton then falls asleep in the
hall where a nurse wakes him up
eventually however upon waking up dr
martin sees that deon is not in her bed
and that he receives a code 4 which
indicates something drastic he angrily
confronts teresa about leon's
whereabouts dr martin runs to where deon
currently is when he reaches her room
the doctors and nurses are already
trying their best to revive her diane
opens her eyes once more but it would be
for the final time as she eventually
dies dr martin cannot help but feel
teary-eyed but he still restrained
himself by not showing that much emotion
but throughout the day there is
heaviness in his soul carrying it until
the night when he is lying on his bed
alone staring at the ceiling with eyes
wide open the following day teresa
apologizes to dr martin for what
happened earlier after this she informs
him that dr weylands would like to see
him in the conference room dr weylands
is there with a psychiatrist to evaluate
dr martin for his first time losing a
patient after the psychiatric evaluation
dr martin is confronted by dion's father
accusing him of killing his daughter an
accusation too close to home teresa and
dr whalen step in to defend dr martin
telling deon's father that dr martin has
been exemplary dion's father is then
escorted outside without a scuffle the
following day a nurse approaches dr
morton telling him to meet him later
somewhere in the hospital after arriving
at the place the nurse then blackmails
dr martin with diane's diary that
details diane's fantasies about the
doctor with his reputation on the line
dr martin has to do the nurse's bidding
to prescribe an opioid for him after
doing this dr morton buys his medicine
outside the hospital to paint the opioid
a different much more acceptable collar
after giving it to the nurse the nurse
refuses to return the book frustrating
dr martin in the next scene while at the
party a veteran doctor informs that dr
morton can apply for the fellowship but
this does not make him happy because he
still has a problem to handle because of
this dr martin decides to poison the
next set of opioids that he will give to
the nurse the next time they meet dr
morton gives the nurse a full opioid but
the nurse still refuses to give him the
book after taking the poison dr martin
tries to remove himself from the place
but the nurse playfully follows him with
no other choice dr morton leads him to a
room hoping that he will die there
without anyone seeing but when the nurse
starts to cuff he immediately realizes
that it is poison dr martin tries to
close the door forcefully but the others
begin to notice so dr martin smartly
decides to fake it making it look like
that he just arrived and seen the nurse
convulsing the nurse dies without
revealing the doctor's secret after the
nurse's death dr martin head straight to
the nurse's locker to finally get the
john's journal because he was near the
nurse on his death dr martin is briefly
interrogated by a detective dr weylands
tells dr martin to take a break from
doctoring for a while he then goes home
where he falls asleep reading the
journal the following day martin wakes
up from a knock at the door the
detective from yesterday there the
detective asks more questions regarding
the nurse telling him that the medicine
has been poisoned and that there is a
possibility that the doctor might have
given it to him martin tells the
detective that he hardly knows the nurse
revealing that the nurse is a lewd
person for fooling around with his
patients after making such comments
martin sees dion's journal to which he
excuses himself from the conversation
inside the bathroom martin breeds
heavily from the pressure he then rips
the pages of the journal throwing it to
the toilet in an attempt to get rid of
it but a toilet clogged and the
detective has just called from outside
sending more pressure on martin because
of the clogging martin climbs to the
window to escape fully convinced that he
will get caught martin looks at the calm
waves of the ocean clearly contemplating
a much permanent escape he runs towards
to the sea to drown himself but it is
all just his contemplation in the end he
abandons this idea and returns to the
bathroom he wears a suit before going
outside the bathroom telling the
detective that he is in a bit of a hurry
the detective has no more questions to
ask him and so he leaves the film ends
with dr martin returning to his duty as
a doctor as if nothing ever happened at
all thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video please hit the
like button and also subscribe to my
channel for more videos like this see
you in the next video